# clj-server-practice

A project to practice of creating web server in clojure.

## Usage

Run server.
```
clj -X:server
```

See http://localhost:3000


Run the project directly, via `:exec-fn`:

    $ clojure -X:run-x
    Hello, Clojure!

Run the project, overriding the name to be greeted:

    $ clojure -X:run-x :name '"Someone"'
    Hello, Someone!

Run the project directly, via `:main-opts` (`-m asuki.clj-server-practice`):

    $ clojure -M:run-m
    Hello, World!

Run the project, overriding the name to be greeted:

    $ clojure -M:run-m Via-Main
    Hello, Via-Main!

Run the project's tests (they'll fail until you edit them):

    $ clojure -X:test:runner

Build an uberjar:

    $ clojure -X:uberjar

This will update the generated `pom.xml` file to keep the dependencies synchronized with
your `deps.edn` file. You can update the version (and SCM tag) information in the `pom.xml` using the
`:version` argument:

    $ clojure -X:uberjar :version '"1.2.3"'

If you don't want the `pom.xml` file in your project, you can remove it, but you will
also need to remove `:sync-pom true` from the `deps.edn` file (in the `:exec-args` for `depstar`).

Run that uberjar:

    $ java -jar clj-server-practice.jar

## Options

FIXME: listing of options this app accepts.

## Examples

...

### Bugs

...

### Any Other Sections
### That You Think
### Might be Useful

## License

Copyright © 2022 Asuki

_EPLv1.0 is just the default for projects generated by `clj-new`: you are not_
_required to open source this project, nor are you required to use EPLv1.0!_
_Feel free to remove or change the `LICENSE` file and remove or update this_
_section of the `README.md` file!_

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License version 1.0.

## References

- [Ring について知る](https://ayato-p.github.io/clojure-beginner/intro_web_development/part2_what_is_ring.html)
- [clojure/webstore-demo/integrant-simple-server/deps.edn](https://github.com/karimarttila/clojure/blob/master/webstore-demo/integrant-simple-server/deps.edn)
